Oh? What? What is this?
Oh! This music! Oooh!
Ah! Jafar! You have to come see this!
[Choir] Make way for Prince Ali!
What grace, Prince Ali!
[Genie] You lucky people,
Clear the mess.
And you'll see,
What you're about to see.
Come applaud, cheer the Superstar!
Celebrate this great day, Bells and drums,
Come adore the idol!
Prince Ali, His Lordship, Ali Ababwa.
Kneel, bow down, Be delighted!
No panic, let's calm down!
Shout long live Ali, Salam!
Come see the most beautiful show in Arabia.
Prince Ali, stronger than him,
I don't know any.
Who carries you from Abu Dhabi, single-handedly.
He defeated an army,
All alone with his sword!
The terror of enemies, that's Prince Ali!
[Choir] He has a hundred and three camels and camels...
[Genie] Aren't they cute, Simone?
[Choir] Caravans of peacocks from Ispahan
[Genie] Absolutely, I love their feathers.
Gorillas that protect him with their wings.
This zoo is a market,
Horn of the goat!
It's a super menagerie!
Prince Ali, yes it's him, Ali Ababwa!
What a physique, it's magnificent,
He's charming. There's a crowd on the balcony,
Me, I have a veil on my chin.
And everyone faints for Prince Ali.
[Choir]
Come see his two hundred Persian monkeys.
It's paying, and yet it's free,
Servants and slaves work for him,
Proud to serve him, he's the greatest,
We obey him, and each would give his life,
For Ali... Long live Ali!
[Genie] Prince Ali, yes it's him,
Ali Ababwa, is here, for your daughter, so pretty.
That's why, in procession,
This lover besieges you.
[Choir] With thirty elephants playing acrobats,
Bears and then lions, to the sound of the trumpet.
His forty fakirs, his battery of chefs,
His birds that cry,
Make way for Prince Ali!
Splendid! Absolutely marvelous!